{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7360\viewh13520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Wrightiraptor Mountain 		Thrill Ride\
2. Galactosaurus Rage 		Thrill Ride\
3. Auvilotops Express		Thrill Ride\
4. TerrorSaur				Thrill Ride\
5. Wendisaurus Chase		Thrill Ride\
6. Keimosaurus Chase		Thrill Ride\
7. Firefall					Thrill Ride\
8. Atmosfear				Thrill Ride\
9. North Line				Kiddie Ride\
10. Jeredactyl Jump			Kiddie Ride\
11. Sauroma Bumpers		Kiddie Ride\
12. Flying TyrAndrienkos		Kiddie Ride\
13. Cyndisaurus Asteroid		Kiddie Ride\
14. Beelzebufo				Kiddie Ride\
15. Enchanted Toadstools		Kiddie Ride\
16. Stegocycles				Kiddie Ride\
17. Blue Iguanodon			Kiddie Ride\
18. Wild Jungle Cruise		Kiddie Ride\
19. Stone Cups				Kiddie Ride\
20. Scholtz Express			Rides for Everyone\
21. Paleocarrie Carousel		Rides for Everyone\
22. Jurrasic Road			Rides for Everyone\
23. Rhynasaurus Rampage	Rides for Everyone\
24. Kauf\'92s Lost Canyon Escape	Rides for Everyone\
25. Maiasaur Madness		Rides for Everyone\
26. Kristanodon Kaper		Rides for Everyone\
27. Squidosaur				Rides for Everyone\
28. Eberlesaurus Roundup	Rides for Everyone\
29. Dykesadactyl Thrill		Rides for Everyone\
30. Ichthyoroberts			Rides for Everyone\
31. Raptor Race			Rides for Everyone\
32. Creighton Pavilion		Shows & Entertainment\
33. Alvares Beer Garden		Beer Garden\
34. Mary Anning Beer Garden	Beer Garden\
35. Theresaur Food Stop		Food\
36. Paleo Screckwiches		Food\
37. Krystal Cook Caf\'e9		Food\
38. Shilobite o\'92Pizza			Food\
39. Chensational Sweets		Food\
40. Munzaurus Souvenirs		Shopping\
41. Laskonasaur Store		Shopping\
42. World of WarRocks Shop	Shopping\
43. Whitley\'92s Plushadactyl		Shopping\
44. Staskosaurus Designs		Shopping\
45. Dino Chic Clothing		Shopping\
46. Petroglyph Body Art		Shopping\
47. Leadue of Legenodons	Shopping\
48. The Magic Cavern		Shopping\
49. Raptor Restroom			Restroom\
50. Tar Pit Stop				Restroom\
51. LavaTory				Restroom\
52. TriceraStop				Restroom\
53. Smoky Wood BBQ		Food\
54. Ice Age Cones			Food\
55. Plaisantly Popped Corn	Food\
56. Floral Funnels			Food\
57. Permafrosties			Food\
58. Granite Slab Pizza		Food\
59. EberTrex Fries			Food\
60. Daily Slab Maps and Info	Information & Assistance\
61. Primal Carnage Arcade 	Shows & Entertainment\
62. Liggement Fix-Me-Up		Information & Assistance\
63. Grinosaurus Stage		Shows & Entertainment\
64. SabreTooth Theatre		Shows & Entertainment\
65. Darwin\'92s Stop			Restrooms\
66. Tyrannosaurus Rest		Restrooms\
67. Fisching Rooms			Restrooms\
\
81. Flight of the Swingodon	Thrill Rides}